she feels very hot she took off her
shirt but it didn't help
she still sweated a lot the ventilation
duct radiates heat
which raises the room temperature to
over 50 degrees celsius
the temperature was rising continuously
why was she stuck in this hellish place
the woman is a reporter knowing that the
new tunnel in the city was about to be
completed
she comes there to take some interviews
unexpectedly during the interview
there was gas leaking in the tunnel for
her safety the manager took her to an
enclosed space
then he went to investigate alone but he
did not come back
there must be a fire outside he didn't
know how to get out
suddenly the reporter discovered someone
outside she shouted
she told the man to save her the man
told her to turn off the ventilation
tube
she struggled for a while but she still
couldn't do it the man said the pressure
on both sides was not the same
if they suddenly opened the door then
the pressure difference would kill
everyone
the man looked for a way to increase the
pressure in the reporter's room
after a while she started feeling short
of breath her nose and her ears appeared
a feeling of serious congestion
then an explosion rang in her ears she
was in pain she screamed
the man has finished increasing his
pressure she calmed down
with the man's guidance she tried to
open the valve but her strength was
insufficient
she used a wooden stick to hit it
finally the valve was open
the man helped her to open the door she
got through
the man closes the ventilation tube the
reporter quickly finished drinking a
full bottle of water
she looks around she finds out that she
has yet to come outside this is just
another closed room
she is now stuck with evo and baron they
were trapped there
luckily evo had closed the ventilation
tube so they didn't need to worry about
the temperature for the time being
but when they run out of oxygen they
would die the phone cord was burned the
cell phone did not have any signal the
reporter does not want to die
she wants to open the compartment door
to go out into the tunnel and asks for
help
evo hurriedly stopped her if there was
still fire outside
he said when she opened the door the
oxygen inside would set them on fire
even if the fire was out the heat and
the smoke still remained
they will have to hold their breath to
go a very long way to get the oxygen
bags
but that is not possible the only way
now is to wait
but the oxygen will eventually run out
there is very little oxygen
here the reporter has to breathes very
hard to not suffocate
next to her there are two men despite
their best efforts
they will definitely not endure this
much longer she recalls that the manager
once gave her a rescue box
inside there is a fire jacket and an
oxygen bag she wants to go get the box
she woke evo up she made an excuse to go
to the toilet
evo did not suspect anything he opened
the door to let her through
she looked through the doorway but she
couldn't see anyone peeping
she gently took the aid box she was
afraid that the sound of opening the box
would be heard
so she slowly put the box down she
picked up the door in the ground
she wanted to lock the door so that the
other two men couldn't get in
she was tense her hands were trembling
she hurriedly tightened the lock
but evo quickly opened it evo entered
the room baran stood in front of the
door
then evo discovered the aid box he
wanted to take it
while evo struggled with the reporter
they broke the lamp evo turned
do
[Music]
dipping the dust from the outside of the
glass door that was the rescue team
they were about to be saved evo was very
happy he gave baron a plier and told him
to untied the reporter
the rescue team stood outside evo began
to reduce pressure
but the rescue team said something had
happened so they had to wait
the reporter cannot stand it anymore
suddenly they heard a loud explosion
it destroyed their last hope outside the
fire was huge
surely it was difficult for the rescue
team to survive when the three people
didn't
know what to do the temperature in the
room suddenly rose the water bottle
suddenly started to smoke
the sole of the shoe was melting baron
hurriedly climbed to another compartment
the reporter tried to take the last gulp
of air finally the door was opened
this place was a flooded tunnel evo was
surrounded by white smoke
he raised his hand for help baron pulled
him in but soon he stopped breathing
baron hugged him and cried in pain the
reporter sat quietly
she was pondering what they would do
suddenly there was a loud noise
maybe another tunnel was exploded this
place could collapse at any moment
they have to go she climbed up to the
top and closed the door of the
compartment so the smoke could not enter
she followed the cliff digging with her
hands this tunnel was about to be
completed
it was very close to the exit she asked
baron to get in from the hole
she went downstairs to find the oxygen
bag next the reporter also entered it
she turned on the phone to have some
lights baran was in a coma
she dug through the mud she touched a
few pieces of rock
she guessed that the side behind the
rock was the exit she took the box to
beat it
her hand was torn the box was filled
with blood but the rock remains
undamaged
she could not continue anymore she woke
baran up
they hugged to cope with the cold she
played the video on her phone
it was a scene where she and her
daughter were playing she laughed her
daughter was her only hope to try to
survive
after watching all the videos she
returned to reality baran continued to
be in a coma
she took the oxygen bag beside him she
took a few breaths
then she inserted a snorkel into baron's
mouth for him to breathe
they took turns using oxygen bags to try
to survive but the oxygen gradually got
less
it was no longer enough for them they
fought each other again for it
they became more and more aggressive
finally baron won
then a ray of light shined straight in
there were digging sounds
they were saved and were taken to the
emergency room baron is not seriously
injured but the reporter's respiratory
tract was seriously problematic
they look at each other together they
became the scariest people they were
like two beasts that tore each other
apart in a narrow space